
# Ladybird's Gift

A simple platform game for Android.


## About

In Ladybird's Gift, you play a small troll, and your goal is to
collect all treasure chests, that are distributed by a Ladybird,
that is invisible within the game. The troll can pick apples
and throw them at threatening bugs and monsters.

The origin of this game is that it was made as a christmas gift
for my little sister in 1998. So it's almost 20 years old. All
graphics and levels are original, though image have been converted
from GIF to PNG, and the levels have gained a line of tiles at the
edges and a layer of earth tiles at the bottom. In the early
versions, screen resolution was so low that the level edges were
outside of screen boundaries, so no tiles were needed.

The code has been completely reprogrammed, and though the levels
are the same, all tiles were originally a linked list of objects,
which limited the size of levels to be very small. With this new
update, levels are generated in a grid and may be of any size
without becoming slow. Movement of the troll has been improved
so that walking and jumping is corrected. There was a bug making
the troll get stuck in tiles or getting pulled up on top of tiles
too high for jumping, though this was a very rare phenomenon and
unlikely to happen - this has now been corrected.

There are five levels, and when completed the game starts over
from the first level and repeats the five levels in a continuous
repetition of rounds, up to a maximum of ten rounds. Each round
has its high score list.


----

2016 Per LÃ¶wgren


